‎We heard the words ‘seek and you’ll find’
The very priceless pearl of truth.
‎It was a sea of doubts and questions to God
That the search would take us through.
‎But we carried on with our sails unfurled.
‎Like merchants on a quest,
we knew that truth was out there.
‎The search—the search for the key
To answer all the things,
‎Things that we fight to understand:
‎The origin of man, wondering why we need
God’s Kingdom soon to come.
‎Searching hard to find.
‎We had never known God had a name.
Jehovah is the one to call on.
‎When we were shown, we found a piece
Of what we were searching for.
‎And we carried on with our sails unfurled,
‎Finding truths about where we came from
and where we’re heading.
‎The search—the search for the key
That answered all the things,
‎Things that we fought to understand:
‎The origin of man, a paradise that’s promised
in God’s Kingdom soon to come.
‎Search and you will find.
‎Now we can never hold back
when others are searching
‎For the priceless pearl of truth,
Sailing a sea of unanswered questions.
‎So we help them to get through,
And we share what we’ve discovered.
‎The search—the search for the key
To answer all the things,
‎Things that they fight to understand:
‎The origin of man, living forever
in God’s Kingdom soon to come.
‎Search and you will find.